Welcome back.
It's time for a little exercise.
Why do you think link lists may be better than hash tables or arrays?
Just from what we know right now.
I want you to answer this question in your head or write it down before you go into the next video.
I also want to show you a nifty little tool that I will link to in this video.
And this little visual shows you how a linked list works.
So you can play around with it and see where they might shine over a phrase or hash tables.
You see over here, we have a head with a value of 22 and a tail with a value of 89 and then other nodes
connecting all of them.
And you can use this website to do anything to a linked list.
You can create, you can search, you can insert, you can remove.
Let's do a insert here.
I can either insert to the head if I click here.
And if I click, go.
I enter the value 85.
I can insert to the tail at the very end if I hit go.
All right.
That seems pretty simple.
Nothing too crazy.
What if we insert somewhere in the middle?
If I click over here and let's say an index of two, I want to insert the value of 90 or let's increase
that to 93.
I hit go.
Keep an eye on what's about to happen.
Oh, boy.
What just happened?
Don't worry.
It looks a little bit complicated.
And we're actually going to code this all ourselves and build this in.
But I want you to play around with this data structure and in your head come up with why you might want
to use something like this.
And in the next video, I'm going to tell you all about it so you can test whether your assumptions
are correct.
I'll see you in the next one.